Updated nav-drawer topic (#407)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/nav-drawer.md

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_demo.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_demo@2x.png 2x" />

## Type

The Navigation Drawer supports a **default** type with icon and label for each item and a mini type with icons only. If your design contains five or less items/views, you may pick between Navigation Drawer and [Bottom Navigation](bottom-nav.md).

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_default.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_default@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_mini.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_mini@2x.png 2x" />

## Items

The Navigation Drawer uses a smart layouting and can show up to 21 Items. The exact amount can be configured by setting the Items that will not be needed to ~No Symbol.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_default.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_default@2x.png 2x" />

## Item State

Every Navigation Drawer Item comes with a State which can be Active, Inactive, or Disabled. In a Navigation Drawer only one Item can be Active at a time to indicate the view that will be shown on the rest of the screen.

> //@Yoanna add three images for the states

Reviewer: @YoannaIvanova add an image here

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_demo.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_demo@2x.png 2x" />

## Type

> The Navigation Drawer supports a **default** type with icon and label for each item and a mini type with icons only. If your design contains five or less items/views, you may pick between Navigation Drawer and [Bottom Navigation](bottom-nav.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Navigation Drawer supports a **default** type with icon and label for each item and a mini type with icons only. If your design contains five or less items/views, you may want to consider using a [Bottom Navigation](bottom-nav.md) instead.
```

| Do                                | Don't                               |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_do1.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_do1@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_dont1.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_dont1@2x.png 2x" /> |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_do2.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_do2@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_dont2.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_dont2@2x.png 2x" /> |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_do3.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_do3@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/nav-drawer_dont3.png" srcset="../images/nav-drawer_dont3@2x.png 2x" /> |

> //@Yoanna add another dont with two active items

Reviewer: @YoannaIvanova add another do/dont here
